[MUSIC]
In this video, I'll be explaining the
prompters within functions.
So as you can see here, I've just got a
simple
list set up here, with four values from
one to four.
And then I've defined function, just
called function
name with no prompters in it at the
moment.
We'll be adding the list to that in a
second, and
as you can see we just have a lot of tag
line.
Which is optional, you don' t need it but
I'm keeping it there because it allows
us to remember what it is that a
function does, and then we are just
returning nothing.
So, this is just a demonstration of
something called a by reference parameter.
Which is, and every single argument within
the python language is passed by a
reference.
Which means that if you change what a
prompter refers to
within a function then the changes also
reflected in the calling function.
So if we just add the list now to this,
I'll just do list lump.
And that's added it as a prompter now, so
we're pressing that in.
And, actually I'll just call this lists.
To chain, it differentiates from the
previous one.
And if I do lists.append, which is a
function which is
allowed for lists and not for other types
of arrays within Python.
And if we not just append, I'll just
append 5, 6, 7, 8.
So as you can see, if I was to return, if
I was to print out the values here.
[BLANK_AUDIO]
If I was to print my list now
Mm, sorry.
[BLANK_AUDIO]
So as we can see, if I was to print this
now.
And obviously this is the value and adding
list one, which
is what we defined right at the very
beginning.
You'll see that we get, this is the value
and we get one, two, three, four.
[BLANK_AUDIO]
Now if we were to run this and print it,
now i'll just type in this the value.
And if I add on to the end of the list
one.
What you can see is if you run it we get
one two three four.
Which is what you'd expect.
However now, all I'm going to do is just
call function name
with list one in it.
And then I'm going to run this exact same
call again.
And you'll see that the actual data has
changed.
[NOISE].
And as you can see, the values of that 1,
2,
3, 4, and then we've got again, 5, 6, 7,
8.
So, as you can tell, and also, I'll
demonstrate this
inside of here by doing a print in here as
well.
And, I'll just change this to a list.
So, you'll see that this is, the exact
same, being called
within the function and without outside of
the function as well.
So the difference between callings of the
inside and the outside
of a function is pretty much negligible in
terms of printing.
Because any values that changes within the
function, have actually changed
outside of the function and this is
because it's passed by reference.
Now in some languages, you can pass by
value, which means that you create
a copy of the parameter and then you have
the that data that it sends.
And so, you create a copy of a variable
and you send over that copy.
So any changes are made to that copy and
does not affect the original.
However, when something's passed by
reference, it passes a reference
address to a place in the main memory, or
the RAM.
Which can then be changed and altered and
because its changed in the
main, or the original, it changes it
throughout the rest of the code.
So that is how you would pass something by
reference and
that is the only way that you can pass
parameter within Python.
You cannot pass it by value.
So you have to be more, eh, more careful
and diligent, when you are actually,
creating functions within Python.
Cuz any mistakes could mess up the rest of
the code without, within your project.
So thank you for watching.
I'm Alex [UNKNOWN] from LuchBreakOn.TV,
and I'll see you soon.
[MUSIC]